In this exercise, I want you to see the difference between loading
a site over HTTP/1 versus loading it over HTTP/2.
You'll find the binary in the instructor notes below.
Download it and start it using the console.
It will start both in HTTP/1 server as well as an HTTP/2 one.
Use the links provided by the binary to launch each site.
Both servers actually host the exact same website.
Then use dev tools to figure out the reduction in total bytes transferred.
Enter the percentage difference here.
Then figure out how much the load time increased.
Enter that percentage here.
Check in the instructor notes for some helpful tips on
working with the binary and loading the exercises.